lady white am i alive you are a toy you
belong to Bonnie these are your friends
woody I have a question
well actually not just one I have all
the questions who wants to go on road
trips you need help with that no no I
got it
I know this is a little strange but we
all have to make sure nothing happens to
four key buzz we got to get working
Roger that change of plans
Jesse but oh hey let's go save a spork
do I need to be worried
my guys are veteran so hang in there
Oh
I know the perfect toy to help
do kaboom Canada's greatest stuntman oh
yeah posing yeah do quick hold on
one more oh yeah you'll save me I've
known that guy my whole life today's
[Music]
oh is that how we look on the inside
there's so much body needs for kids Oh
Sheriff would you always come in to the
rescue
that's gonna be quite a jump for you and
do for me
let's kaboom
before he's being kept how do we get
that key what about the old plush rush
there you go oh where did you two come
from well we're not doing that
[Music]